for the next few minutes I want to talk
to you about or share with you a
breakthrough new approach for managing
items of inventory inside of a warehouse
we're talking about a pick pack and ship
setting here so as a hint this solution
involves hundreds of mobile robots
sometimes thousands of mobile robots
moving around a warehouse and I'll get
to the solution but for a moment just
think about the last time that you order
something online you were sitting on
your couch and you decided that you
absolutely had to have this red t-shirt
so click you put it into your shopping
cart and then you decided that Green
pair of pants looks pretty good too
click and maybe a blue pair of shoes
click so at this point you've assembled
your order you didn't stop to think for
a moment that that might not be a great
outfit but you hit submit order and two
days later this package shows up on your
doorstep and you open the box in like
wow there's my goo did you ever stop to
think about how those items of inventory
actually found their way inside that box
in the warehouse so I'm here to tell you
it's that guy right there
so in deep in the middle of that bit in
that picture you see a classic pick pack
worker in a distribution or order
fulfillment setting classically these
pick workers will spend sixty seventy
percent of their day wandering around a
warehouse they'll often walk as much as
five ten miles in pursuit of those items
of inventory not only is this an
unproductive way to fill orders it also
turns out to be an unfulfilled way to
fill orders so let me tell you where I
first bumped into this problem I was out
in the Bay Area in 99 2000 the dot-com
boom I work for a fabulously spectacular
flameout called web man
this company raised hundreds of millions
of dollars with the notion that we will
deliver grocery orders online and it
really came down to the fact that we
couldn't do it cost effectively turns
out ecommerce fulfillment is very hard
and very costly in this particular
instance we were trying to assemble 30
items of inventory into a few totes
onto a van to deliver to the home and
when you think about it 30 it was
costing us $30 imagine we had an 89 cent
can of soup that was costing us $1 to
pick and pass into that tote and that's
before we actually tried to deliver to
the home so long story short during my
one year at web van what I realized by
talking to all the material handling
providers was that there was no solution
designed specifically to solve each base
picking read item green-blue getting
those three things in a box so he said
you know there's just got to be a better
way to do this existing material
handling was set up to pump pallets and
cases of goo to retail stores of course
web man went out of business and about a
year and a half later I was still
noodling on this problem it was still
nagging at me and I started thinking
about it again and I said let me just
focus briefly on what I wanted as a pick
worker or my vision for how it should
work
I said let's focus on the problem I have
an order here and what I want to do is I
want to put red green and blue in this
box right here what I need is a system
where I put out my hand and poof the
product shows up and I pack it into the
order and now we're thinking this would
be a very operator centric approach to
solving the problem this is what I need
what technology is available to solve
this problem but as you can see orders
can come and go product they come and go
it makes four it allows us to focus on
making the pick worker the center of the
problem and providing them the tools to
make them as productive as possible so
how did I arrive at this notion well it
actually came from a brainstorming
exercise probably a technique that many
of you use it's this notion of testing
your ideas take a blank sheet of course
but then test your ideas at the limits
infinity zero in this particular case
channel
our selves with the idea what if we had
to build a distribution center in China
where it's a very very low cost market
and say labor is cheap land is cheap and
we said specifically what if it was zero
dollars an hour for direct labor and we
could build a million square foot
distribution center so naturally that
led to ideas that said let's put lots of
people in the warehouse and I said hold
on zero dollars per hour what I would do
is hire quote unquote
10,000 workers to come to the warehouse
every morning at 8:00 a.m. walk into the
warehouse and pick up one item of
inventory and then just stand there so
you hold Captain Crunch you hold the
mountain do you hold the diet coke if I
need it I'll call you otherwise just
stand there but when I need that coke
and I call it you guys talk amongst
yourselves
diet coke walked up to the front pick it
put it in the tote away it go it's like
wow what if the product could walk and
talk on their own that's a very
interesting very powerful way that we
could potentially organize this
warehouse so of course labor isn't free
on that practical practical versus
awesome spectrum so we said mobile
shelving we'll put them on mobile
shelving
we'll use mobile pods excuse me mobile
robots and we'll move the inventory
around and we got in got under way on
that and then I'm sitting on my couch in
2008 did any of you see the Beijing
Olympics the opening ceremonies I about
fell out of my couch when I saw this
like that was the idea we'll put
thousands of people on the warehouse
floor of the stadium floor but
interesting enough this actually relates
to the idea in that these guys were
creating some incredibly powerful
impressive digital art all without
computers I'm told it was all
peer-to-peer coordination and
communication you stand up I'll squat
down and they made some fabulous art it
speaks to the power of emergence in
systems when you let things start to
talk with each other
so that was a little bit of the little
bit of journey so of course now what
became the practical reality of this
idea here is a warehouse it's a pic
package chips printer that has about
10,000 different sk use we'll call them
red
and green plans yellow post-it notes we
send the little orange robots out to
pick up the blue shelving pods and we
deliver them to the side of the building
so all the pick workers now get to say
on the perimeter and the game here is to
pick up the shelves take them down the
highway and deliver them straight to the
pick worker this pick workers life is
completely different rather than
wandering around the warehouse she gets
to stay still in a pick station like
this and every product in the building
can now come to her so the process is
very very productive reach-in pick an
item scan the barcode pack it out by the
time you turn around there's another
product there ready to be picked and
packed so what we've done is take out
all of the non-value-added walking
searching wasting waited time and we've
developed a very high fidelity way to
pick these orders where you point at it
with a laser scan the UPC barcode and
then indicate with a light which box
needs to go into so more productive more
accurate and it turns out it's a more
interesting office environment for these
pick workers they actually complete the
whole order so they do red green and
blue not just a part of the order and
they feel a little bit more in control
of their environment so the side effect
of this approach are what really
surprises we knew it was going to be
more productive but we didn't realize
how just how pervasive this way of
thinking what extend it to other
functions in the warehouse but what
effectively this approach is doing
inside of the DC is turning it into a
massively parallel processing engine so
this is again a cross fertilization of
ideas here's a warehouse we're thinking
about parallel processing supercomputer
architectures the notion here is that
you have ten workers on the right side
of the screen they're out that are that
are now all independent autonomous pick
workers if the worker in station 3
decides to leave and go to the bathroom
it has no impact on the productivity of
the other nine workers contrast that for
a moment with the traditional method of
using a conveyor when one person passes
the order to you you put something in
and pass it downstream every
has to be in place for that serial
process to work this becomes a more
robust way to think about the warehouse
and then underneath the hood gets
interesting in that we're tracking the
popularity of the products and we're
using dynamic and adaptive algorithms to
tune the floor of the warehouse so what
you see here potentially the week
leading up to Valentine's Day all that
pink chalky candy has moved to the front
of the building is now being picked into
a lot of orders in those pics patients
come in two days after Valentine's Day
and that candy the leftover candy has
all drifted to the back of the warehouse
and is occupying the cooler zone on the
thermal map there one other side effect
of this approach using the parallel
processing as these things can scale to
ginormous so whether you're doing to
pick stations 20 pick stations or 200
pick stations the path planning
algorithms and all of the inventory
algorithms just work in this example you
see that the workers have now sorry that
the inventory has now occupied all the
perimeter of the building because that's
where the pick stations were they sorted
it out for themselves so I'll conclude
with just one final video that shows how
this comes to bear on the pick workers
actual kind of day in the life of so as
we mentioned the process is to brute
move inventory along the highway and
then find your way into these pick
stations and our software in the
background is understands what's going
on in each station we direct the pods
across the highway and we're attempting
to get into a queueing system to present
the work to the pick worker what's
interesting is we can even adapt to the
speed of the pick workers the faster
Pickers get more pods and the slower
Pickers get fuel but this pick worker
now is literally having that experience
that we described before she puts out
her hand the product jumps into it or
she has to regen and get it she scans it
and she puts it in the bucket and all of
the rest of the technology is kind of
behind the scenes so she gets to now
focus on the picking and packing portion
of her job never has in the idle time
never has to leave her mat and actually
so we think not only a more product
and more accurate way to fill orders
when it gets a more fulfilling way to
fill orders the reason we can say that
though is that workers in a lot of these
buildings now compete for the privilege
of working in the Kiva zone that day and
sometimes we'll catch them on
testimonial videos saying such things as
they have more energy after the after
the day to play with their grandchildren
or in one case a guy said that key the
key the zone is so stress-free that I've
actually stopped taking my blood
pressure medication that was at a
pharmaceutical distributor so they told
us not to use that video so what I
wanted to leave you with today is the
notion that when you let things start to
kind of think and walk and talk on their
own interesting processes and
productivity's can emerge and now I
think next time you go to your front
step and pick up that box that you just
ordered online you break open and the
goo is in there you'll have some
wonderment as to whether a robot
assisted in the picking and packing of
that order thank you